Your Name:

1. In your own words, describe encapsulation.
Encapsulation is keeping data where it belongs. It is important because if our data is not 
protected, then we can have a lot of errors in our code in the future. It is like a failsafe
system that will protect your program from breaking as it expands.


2. What is a benefit of using a property instead of just having a setter function (e.g., set_angle(45))?
Properties are nice because you don't have to call a function to set a value. It also reduces a lot of
writing code. If you have 10 properties in a class, then you would need 20 get and set methods, but with
properties, you can just use the same name.


3. What is the most interesting thing you learned as a part of your work for this class this week?
This week I really liked learning about UML. It was a bit difficult for me to understand, but it
definitely helped me program the beginning of my Asteroids game quicker. Without the UML design 
I would have to keep track of everything in my brain as I go. They are very useful.


4. Describe one specific way that you helped someone else this week, or reached out for help.
This week I worked in a small team to work on the wrap functionallity of the Asteroids
assignment. I helped explain some logic, and I also got some help with displaying my 
images correctly on the screen.


5. Are there any topics from this week that you still feel uneasy about, or would like to learn more about?
UML was easy for me to understand, but I would like to learn how to better design a program.
I want to learn more about knowing when classes should interact with each other or when
methods should call each other.


6. How much time did you spend this week on each of the following:

Reading - 2hrs
Checkpoint A - 15mins
Checkpoint B - 15mins
Team Activity - 1hr
Data Structures Homework - 2hrs
Prove Assignment - 6 hrs

If you have other questions or comments for the instructor, please post them to Slack, either in the general channel if others can benefit, or as a direct message if the matter is more personal.