Your Name:

1. In your own words, briefly describe what object-oriented programming means.

Object oriented programming is a programming paradigm, or way of programming, that 
is used to organize programming solutions to complex problems. Programmers are able
to create complex objects which create a higher level of abstraction, and ease of use.

2. What is the difference between a class and an object?

A class is the blueprint of an object. An object is an instance of a class.
The object can use the class’ methods and variables. A class only defines those
methods and variables.


3. What is the most interesting thing you learned as a part of your work for this class this week?

The most interesting thing that I learned this week was creating a work-around
for a switch statement in Python. It worked well, but the most difficult part
was handling a default case. In the end I just ended up using a if key in dict
statement to check if the key existed. If not, I returned a default value.


4. Describe one specific way that you helped someone else this week, or reached out for help.

Some people this week wanted to find a way to not use so many if else checks for the robot input.
I shared my solution to this by showing my “switch-like” statement function. I got the idea from
someone	else who wanted to know if there was a better way of checking inputs earlier in the week.


5. Are there any topics from this week that you still feel uneasy about, or would like to learn more about?

While I was working on implementing my switch function, I came across regular expressions.
I tried to implement them into my code, but I found an easier way of solving it.
I would like to learn more about regular expressions because they seem very useful,
and I know it is valuable to a company.


6. How much time did you spend this week on each of the following:

Reading - 1hr
Checkpoint A - 15 min
Checkpoint B - 15 min
Team Activity - 1.5Hr
Data Structures Homework - 2Hr
Prove Assignment - 3Hr

If you have other questions or comments for the instructor, please post them to Slack, either in the general channel if others can benefit, or as a direct message if the matter is more personal.
