Your Name: Israel Garcia

1. Describe a case where you think an error/exception could be used, but should _not_ be used.

I think I should not use exepction handling when the error does not come from a user's input.
I think exception handling is used to prevent user's from breaking or hacking a program. I would not
use error handling to catch an error caused by my own code.

2. If method A calls B, and B calls C, and then an error is raised in function C, where can it potentially be caught (A, B, C, or all of the above)?

I think it should be caught in method A since it is the first in the chain. Any error in A can cause B or C to break, so
errors should be eliminiated in the first method call.

3. What is the most interesting thing you learned as a part of your work for this class this week?

I really liked learning about error handling. I have never done error handling. It always seemed scary because I didn't 
know what an exception or throwing was, but now I feel comfortable with handling errors.

4. Describe one specific way that you helped someone else this week, or reached out for help.

This week I working in a group for the asteroids project to work on the wrap and ship movement functionality.
Wrap was a bit tricky to figure out, but it was fun. Keeping the ship moving even after releasing the UP
arrow was more difficult, but I was able to help my teammates come up with a good solution.

5. Are there any topics from this week that you still feel uneasy about, or would like to learn more about?

I would like to keep learning about error handling because it looks pretty important. Programs are made for 
users, so error handling is important.

6. How much time did you spend this week on each of the following:

Reading - 30 Mins
Checkpoint A - 15 Mins
Checkpoint B - 30 Mins
Team Activity - 1 Hr
Data Structures Homework - 2 Hrs
Prove Assignment - 4 Hrs

If you have other questions or comments for the instructor, please post them to Slack, either in the general channel if others can benefit, or as a direct message if the matter is more personal.
