Your Name: Israel Garcia

1. Describe two benefits of using functions.
One of the benefits of using functions is that it really
helps organize code. It is easier to visualize code in 
a bunch of small parts rather than one large part.

Another benefit of functions is to reduce repetition. 
Many times I have to perform the same action, so it is
better to put that code block into a function instead of
writing all the code out again.

2. If you were getting paid to write this week's "prove" assignment, and could spend another 100 hours on it, what would you do differently?
I would definitely implement something to catch errors. I know data is not always
in a nice format, so I would make sure that I only select the columns that I need.

I would also do some Big-O analysis to see if I could improve the performance of my code.
I think I did pretty well since I only looped through the file once and I did not store 
too much data at once. I would also try to reduce the amount of global variables.

3. What is the most interesting thing you learned as a part of your work for this class this week?
The most interesting thing I learned this week was definitely Big-O notation. 
I always wondered how efficiency was measured in programs. Another cool thing I 
learned this week was using sftp to download a file from the linux computer
to my computer. This helped me work on my assign02 a lot faster than I would
with nano. 


4. Describe one specific way that you helped someone else this week, or reached out for help.
I shared what I learned using sftp so that other students could download the csv files 
from the linux computers. I think this helped people who would want to work with the 
csv file on their own computer and people who wanted to use vscode to edit their code.
It helps me when I am able to visualize the data that I am given, so I opened the csv
file in excel.


5. Are there any topics from this week that you still feel uneasy about, or would like to learn more about?
I would definitely like to learn more on using Big-O notation to calculate how performant
some programs could be. I think it is fun and important to know for when I am coding
something that could use a lot of memory or time.

6. How much time did you spend this week on each of the following:

Reading - 2 hours
Checkpoint A - 10 mins
Checkpoint B - 10 mins
Team Activity - 30 mins
Data Structures Homework - 1 hour
Prove Assignment - 5 Hours

If you have other questions or comments for the instructor, please post them to Slack, either in the general channel if others can benefit, or as a direct message if the matter is more personal.