Your Name: Israel Garcia

1. Why is it important to avoid updating the position of the object in the on_draw function?

It is important to avoid updating the position of the object in the on_draw function because
the on_draw function is dedicated to redrawing things on the screen. The update function is
dedicated to handle updates to data like position or points. If we update data inside the on_draw
function, our code would get disorganized quickly.

2. Besides game programming, can you think of any other applications that would likely use event-driven programming?

I think that self-driving cars probably use event-driven programming to handle different situations at different
times.

3. What is the most interesting thing you learned as a part of your work for this class this week?

The most interesting thing that I learned from this class this week was event-driven programming.
I had used event-driven programming before, but I did not know what it was called. I like
learning about different methods of programming.

4. Describe one specific way that you helped someone else this week, or reached out for help.

This week I got to work with my teammates, which was nice. I was also able to help some people
with the installation of the arcade library. I didn't want to use pyCharm for editing, so I set it up
so I could use Arcade on VSCode.

5. Are there any topics from this week that you still feel uneasy about, or would like to learn more about?

I would like to learn more about event-driven programming. I understand that there is
an Update method which runs continuiously, but I want to look more into how it works.
Is it just a loop that runs until the game is terminated?

6. How much time did you spend this week on each of the following:

Reading - 2hr
Checkpoint A - 20 min
Checkpoint B - 0
Team Activity - 1.5hr
Data Structures Homework - 2hr
Prove Assignment - 2hr

If you have other questions or comments for the instructor, please post them to Slack, either in the general channel if others can benefit, or as a direct message if the matter is more personal.
